Opengear SDT Connector
Copyright (C) 2005 - 2009 Opengear Inc. All rights reserved

LICENSE

The file defaults-opengear.xml is made available under the terms of the
Opengear End User Licence Agreement.

Unless otherwise specifically licensed all other files in this archive are 
licensed under the terms of version 2 of the GNU General Public License as 
published by the Free Software Foundation.

OPENGEAR END USER LICENCE AGREEMENT

                  READ BEFORE USING THE ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE

YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE USING THE
ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE, THE USE OF WHICH IS LICENSED FOR USE ONLY AS SET FORTH
BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO
NOT USE THE SOFTWARE. IF YOU USE ANY PART OF THE SOFTWARE, SUCH USE WILL
INDICATE THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.

You have acquired a product that includes Opengear (“Opengear”) proprietary
software and/or proprietary software licensed to Opengear. This Opengear End
User License Agreement (“EULA”) is a legal agreement between you (either an
individual or a single entity) and Opengear for the installed software product
of Opengear origin, as well as associated media, printed materials, and
“online” or electronic documentation (“Software”). By installing, copying,
downloading, accessing, or otherwise using the Software, you agree to be bound
by the terms of this EULA. If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA,
Opengear is not willing to license the Software to you. In such event, do not
use or install the Software. If you have purchased the Software, promptly
return the Software and all accompanying materials with proof of purchase for a
refund.

Products with separate end user license agreements that may be provided along
with the Software are licensed to you under the terms of those separate end
user license agreements.

LICENSE GRANT. Subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA, Opengear
grants you a nonexclusive right and license to install and use the Software on
a single CPU, provided that, (1) you may not rent, lease, sell, sublicense or
lend the Software; (2) you may not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or
modify the Software, except and only to the extent that such activity is
expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation; and (3)
you may not transfer rights under this EULA unless such transfer is part of a
permanent sale or transfer of the Product, you transfer at the same time all
copies of the Software to the same party or destroy such materials not
transferred, and the recipient agrees to this EULA.

No license is granted in any of the Software’s proprietary source code. This
license does not grant you any rights to patents, copyright, trade secrets,
trademarks or any other rights with respect to the Software.

You may make a reasonable number of copies of the electronic documentation
accompanying the Software for each Software license you acquire, provided that,
you must reproduce and include all copyright notices and any other proprietary
rights notices appearing on the electronic documentation.  Opengear reserves
all rights not expressly granted herein.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. The Software is protected by copyright laws,
international copyright treaties, and other intellectual property laws and
treaties. Opengear and its suppliers retain all ownership of, and intellectual
property rights in (including copyright), the Software components and all
copies thereof, provided however, that (1) certain components of the Software,
including SDT Connector, are components licensed under the GNU General Public
License Version 2, which Opengear supports, and (2) the SDT Connector includes
code from JSch, a pure Java implementation of SSH2 which is licensed under BSD
style license. Copies of these licenses are detailed below and Opengear will
provide source code for any of the components of the Software licensed under
the GNU General Public License upon request.

EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You agree that you will not export or re-export the
Software, any part thereof, or any process or service that is the direct
product of the Software in violation of any applicable laws or regulations of
the United States or the country in which you obtained them.

U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. The Software and related documentation are
provided with Restricted Rights. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the
Government is subject to restrictions set forth in subparagraph (c) (1) (ii) of
the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-
7013 or subparagraphs (c) (1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software –
Restricted Rights at 48 C.F.R. 52.227-19, as applicable, or any successor
regulations.

TERM AND TERMINATION. This EULA is effective until terminated. The EULA
terminates immediately if you fail to comply with any term or condition. In
such an event, you must destroy all copies of the Software. You may also
terminate this EULA at any time by destroying the Software.

GOVERNING LAW AND ATTORNEY’S FEES. This EULA is governed by the laws of the
State of Utah, USA, excluding its conflict of law rules. You agree that the
United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is
hereby excluded in its entirety and does not apply to this EULA. If you
acquired this Software in a country outside of the United States, that
country’s laws may apply. In any action or suit to enforce any right or remedy
under this EULA or to interpret any provision of this EULA, the prevailing
party will be entitled to recover its costs, including reasonable attorneys’
fees.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This EULA constitutes the entire agreement between you and
Opengear with respect to the Software, and supersedes all other agreements or
representations, whether written or oral. The terms of this EULA can only be
modified by express written consent of both parties. If any part of this EULA
is held to be unenforceable as written, it will be enforced to the maximum
extent allowed by applicable law, and will not affect the enforceability of any
other part.  Should you have any questions concerning this EULA, or if you
desire to contact Opengear for any reason, please contact the Opengear
representative serving your company.

THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS
INCORPORATED INTO THIS EULA BY REFERENCE. THE SOFTWARE IS NOT FAULT TOLERANT.
YOU HAVE INDEPENDENTLY DETERMINED HOW TO USE THE SOFTWARE IN THE DEVICE, AND
OPENGEAR HAS RELIED UPON YOU TO CONDUCT SUFFICIENT TESTING TO DETERMINE THAT
THE SOFTWARE IS SUITABLE FOR SUCH USE.

LIMITED WARRANTY Opengear warrants the media containing the Software for a
period of ninety (90) days from the date of original purchase from Opengear or
its authorized retailer. Proof of date of purchase will be required. Any
updates to the Software provided by Opengear (which may be provided by Opengear
at its sole discretion) shall be governed by the terms of this EULA. In the
event the product fails to perform as warranted, Opengear’s sole obligation
shall be, at Opengear’s discretion, to refund the purchase price paid by you
for the Software on the defective media, or to replace the Software on new
media. Opengear makes no warranty or representation that its Software will meet
your requirements, will work in combination with any hardware or application
software products provided by third parties, that the operation of the software
products will be uninterrupted or error free, or that all defects in the
Software will be corrected.

OPENGEAR DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. OTHER THAN AS STATED HEREIN, THE ENTIRE RISK
AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU.
ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE
SOFTWARE OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT. IF YOU HAVE RECEIVED ANY WARRANTIES REGARDING
THE DEVICE OR THE SOFTWARE, THOSE WARRANTIES DO NOT ORIGINATE FROM, AND ARE NOT
BINDING ON, OPENGEAR.

NO LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN DAMAGES. EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW, OPENGEAR SHALL
HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR COSTS, LOSS, DAMAGES OR LOST OPPORTUNITY OF ANY TYPE
WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS, LOSS OF
USE, LOSS OF DATA, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, WHETHER UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE ARISING FROM OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS EULA OR THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE. IN NO
EVENT SHALL OPENGEAR BE LIABLE FOR ANY AMOUNT IN EXCESS OF THE LICENSE FEE PAID
TO OPENGEAR UNDER THIS EULA. SOME STATES AND COUNTRIES DO NOT ALLOW THE
LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES,
SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

GPL LICENSE SUMMARY

Copyright(c) 2005 - 2009 Opengear Inc. All rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of version 2 of the GNU General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110,
		        USA

The full GNU General Public License is included in this distribution
in the file called LICENSE.GPL.

Contact Information:
Robert Waldie <robert.waldie@opengear.com>
Opengear, 630 West 9560 South Suite A, Sandy, UT 84070
